Hi guys, in this tutorial I want to show
you how to download and install Olama.
Okay, first thing first, go here to
Google Chrome and go to this
website.com.
After going this to this website, go
here. Okay, let's sign up.
Go here to this button download. After
going to this download, if you have
Windows, click this button. Download
Windows, Linux, MacOSS.
Okay, let's download it.
Fine, downloading is begin. Okay, fine.
The downloading is finished. Okay, this
my lama.
Let's make this small right here.
Uh, double click this setup.
Hit install and the installation is
begin.
The installation of the Zama is done.
This is interface of our program.
Okay. Before we use uh this model, we
have to go here to Chrome and for
signing and create an account right
there. Can continue with Google.
Choose any account as you want.
and connect it with alarm. Okay, as you
can see it's fine. Now do the same thing
to connect it with your desktop.
Go ahead to my settings.
It take some time like this and take
this sign in and connect.
Okay, fine guys. This is all for this
tutorial. See later on the next topic.